README.md, before:

## Numix
##### A modern flat theme with a combination of light and dark elements. It supports GNOME, Unity, Xfce and Openbox.
[![By The Numix Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/By-The%20Numix%20Project-f0544c.svg?style=flat-square)](https://numixproject.org/) &nbsp;[![Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/master.svg?circle-token=b14acf911433d315298235b0c2fbf7b2670a92a8&maxAge=3600&style=flat-square)](https://circleci.com/gh/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/tree/master) &nbsp;[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme.svg?maxAge=3600&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/releases/latest) &nbsp;![Supports GTK+ 3.18](https://img.shields.io/badge/GTK%2B-3.18-4a90d9.svg?style=flat-square) &nbsp;![Supports GTK+ 3.24](https://img.shields.io/badge/GTK%2B-3.24-4a90d9.svg?style=flat-square)

## Install It

### Distro Packages
|Distro|Install Command/Links|
|:----:|:----:|
|![arch][arch] &nbsp;![antergos][antergos]|`sudo pacman -S numix-gtk-theme`|
|![opensuse][opensuse]|[1 Click Install](http://software.opensuse.org/ymp/openSUSE:Factory/standard/numix-gtk-theme.ymp) &nbsp;\|&nbsp; [OBS Repo](http://software.opensuse.org/download.html?project=openSUSE%3AFactory&package=numix-gtk-theme)|
|![fedora][fedora]|`sudo dnf install numix-gtk-theme`|
|![debian][debian] &nbsp;![ubuntu][ubuntu]|`sudo apt install numix-gtk-theme`|

## Build It

First, you need to compile the theme using the [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) compiler.

You will need to install SassC (`sassc`) which is likely to be available as a package in your distribution's software repositories.

You'll also need the ```glib-compile-schemas``` and  ```gdk-pixbuf-pixdata``` commands in your path to generate the gresource binary. Install them using your distribution's package manager.

|Distro|Commands|
|:----:|:----:|
|![arch][arch] &nbsp;![antergos][antergos]|`sudo pacman -S sassc glib2 gdk-pixbuf2`|
|![opensuse][opensuse]|`sudo zypper install sassc glib2-devel gdk-pixbuf-devel`|
|![fedora][fedora]|`sudo dnf install sassc glib2-devel gdk-pixbuf2-devel`|
|![debian][debian] &nbsp;![ubuntu][ubuntu]|`sudo apt-get install sassc libglib2.0-dev libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev libxml2-utils`|

After installing all the dependencies, change to the cloned directory and, run the following in Terminal,

```sh
sudo make install
```

To set the theme in GNOME, run the following commands in Terminal,

```sh
gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-theme "Numix"
gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences theme "Numix"
```

To set the theme in Xfce, run the following commands in Terminal,

```sh
xfconf-query -c xsettings -p /Net/ThemeName -s "Numix"
xfconf-query -c xfwm4 -p /general/theme -s "Numix"
```

In Openbox you can set the theme with [ObConf](http://openbox.org/wiki/ObConf:About) tool. Alternatively, you can set the theme by changing the `<name> `key value to `Numix` in the `<theme>` section of your rc.xml file.

### For contributors
Start by reviewing the [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

#### For developers
If you want to hack on the theme, make sure you have the `inotifywait` command available, which is used for watching and automatically building the files.

To start watching for changes, run the following,

```sh
make watch
```

If you change any assets, you'll need to regenerate the `gtk.gresource.xml` and `gtk.gresource` files. You can use [grrr](https://github.com/satya164/grrr) to do it easily.

### Requirements

GTK+ 3.18 or above

Murrine theme engine

### Code and license

Report bugs or contribute at [GitHub](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme)

License: GPL-3.0+


[antergos]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/logo-square26x26.png "antergos"
[arch]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/archlogo26x26.png "arch"
[fedora]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/fedora-logo.png "fedora"
[openSUSE]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/Geeko-button-bling7.png "openSUSE"
[ubuntu]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/ubuntu_orange_hex.png "ubuntu"
[debian]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/openlogo-nd-25.png "debian"

Commit message:

Force dark theme in all cases, as modern GTK does not support this setting as well

README.md, after:

## Numix
##### A classic flat theme with calm and dark elements. It supports GNOME (by extension Cinnamon), Xfce and Openbox.
[![By The Numix Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/By-The%20Numix%20Project-f0544c.svg?style=flat-square)](https://numixproject.org/) &nbsp;[![Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/master.svg?circle-token=b14acf911433d315298235b0c2fbf7b2670a92a8&maxAge=3600&style=flat-square)](https://circleci.com/gh/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/tree/master) &nbsp;[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme.svg?maxAge=3600&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/releases/latest) &nbsp;![Supports GTK+ 3.18](https://img.shields.io/badge/GTK%2B-3.18-4a90d9.svg?style=flat-square) &nbsp;![Supports GTK+ 3.24](https://img.shields.io/badge/GTK%2B-3.24-4a90d9.svg?style=flat-square)

## Install It

### Distro Packages
|Distro|Install Command/Links|
|:----:|:----:|
|![arch][arch] &nbsp;![antergos][antergos]|`sudo pacman -S numix-gtk-theme`|
|![opensuse][opensuse]|[1 Click Install](http://software.opensuse.org/ymp/openSUSE:Factory/standard/numix-gtk-theme.ymp) &nbsp;\|&nbsp; [OBS Repo](http://software.opensuse.org/download.html?project=openSUSE%3AFactory&package=numix-gtk-theme)|
|![fedora][fedora]|`sudo dnf install numix-gtk-theme`|
|![debian][debian] &nbsp;![ubuntu][ubuntu]|`sudo apt install numix-gtk-theme`|

## Build It

First, you need to compile the theme using the [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) compiler.

You will need to install SassC (`sassc`) which is likely to be available as a package in your distribution's software repositories.

You'll also need the ```glib-compile-schemas``` and  ```gdk-pixbuf-pixdata``` commands in your path to generate the gresource binary. Install them using your distribution's package manager.

|Distro|Commands|
|:----:|:----:|
|![arch][arch] &nbsp;![antergos][antergos]|`sudo pacman -S sassc glib2 gdk-pixbuf2`|
|![opensuse][opensuse]|`sudo zypper install sassc glib2-devel gdk-pixbuf-devel`|
|![fedora][fedora]|`sudo dnf install sassc glib2-devel gdk-pixbuf2-devel`|
|![debian][debian] &nbsp;![ubuntu][ubuntu]|`sudo apt-get install sassc libglib2.0-dev libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev libxml2-utils`|

After installing all the dependencies, change to the cloned directory and, run the following in Terminal,

```sh
sudo make install
```

To set the theme in GNOME, run the following commands in Terminal,

```sh
gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-theme "Numix"
gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences theme "Numix"
```

To set the theme in Cinnamon, run Themes from the menu and set it there.
You might need to click "Advanced settings..."

To set the theme in Xfce, run the following commands in Terminal,

```sh
xfconf-query -c xsettings -p /Net/ThemeName -s "Numix"
xfconf-query -c xfwm4 -p /general/theme -s "Numix"
```

You can also run Appearance from the Applications menu and set it from there.

In Openbox you can set the theme with [ObConf](http://openbox.org/wiki/ObConf:About) tool. Alternatively, you can set the theme by changing the `<name> `key value to `Numix` in the `<theme>` section of your rc.xml file.

### For contributors
Start by reviewing the [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

#### For developers
If you want to hack on the theme, make sure you have the `inotifywait` command available, which is used for watching and automatically building the files.

To start watching for changes, run the following,

```sh
make watch
```

If you change any assets, you'll need to regenerate the `gtk.gresource.xml` and `gtk.gresource` files. You can use [grrr](https://github.com/satya164/grrr) to do it easily.

### Requirements

GTK+ 3.18 or above

Murrine theme engine

### Code and license

Report bugs or contribute at [GitHub](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-gtk-theme)

License: GPL-3.0+


[antergos]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/logo-square26x26.png "antergos"
[arch]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/archlogo26x26.png "arch"
[fedora]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/fedora-logo.png "fedora"
[openSUSE]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/Geeko-button-bling7.png "openSUSE"
[ubuntu]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/ubuntu_orange_hex.png "ubuntu"
[debian]: https://antergos.com/distro-logos/openlogo-nd-25.png "debian"
